Helper map header function (#3083)
sunpy/sunpy: changelog/3083.feature.rst

> Add a helper utility for creating a `sunpy.map.Map` header

Reviewer: How about:
```suggestion
Added a helper function that allows users to create a meta header for custom created `sunpy.map.Map`.
```

I think we want to expand on what its for and just to hopefully make it stand out in the changelog!
